I finished reading Austin Kleon’s [_Steal Like An Artist_](https://www.amazon.com.au/Steal-Like-Artist-Things-Creative/dp/0761169253) in one sitting. It’s the type of book where I think I’ll revisit when I need a little boost of motivation. Although the book is written from the point of a creative professional, I think it can apply to anyone who produces, not just artists. We are all producers, whether we know it or not.

Kleon states that nothing is _completely_ original, and that everything is built from or is a “mashup” of something before it. He recommends collecting ideas and getting curious at everything. If you like something, copy the hell out of it but be skilful about it, too – don’t plagiarise! Learn to take apart what it is you like about it, or as he says, “steal the thinking behind the style”. You want to see _like_ them not be them.

For someone who’s a bit of a perfectionist, I find it a relief to know that it’s not important to know yourself or to master something fully to do good work. In other words, start with what you have, experiment, and let your ideas talk to each other. The magic will follow. I suppose that’s why I started this website and why I’m fascinated by the idea of a digital garden. I like the idea of going back on your work and editing it as you see fit. Our thoughts change, and we should be able to evolve alongside them.

Yes, it’s scary to put yourself out there and be seen by others. Yes, there will be people who will judge your work, but there are also those who will find something special about it. I say go for it!